Oh, do you wanna...
I think I was talking about the costumes cinderella
And so that's why...
No, I mean the costumes it wasn't always the CGI that got me
but I think the costumes and the design of the characters
I would love it. It's so good.
Because when it comes to live action Disney costumes, they all look bad.
I saw the Snow White dress and I was like, no what did they do to my baby girl.
I know, right? They literally made the worst...
Dress
Also, I heard they're changing the plot.
You know what I don't get about...
the whole like we are gonna change this disney (**) So they're more like empowered
But the thing is, most of them are already technically empowered women.
They're just in more feminine forms and it's very strange how
They have no literacy like
media literacy in them because a lot of these stories about people
Like, getting a better life, generally, right? Isn't that empowerment in some sort of way?
and she has to be independent.
She has to be girl boss.
Like she makes no math.
Like that type of
Yeah yeah
There's so many actors with dwarfism out there. It's not that hard. like
one of the actresss was like oh One of the producers like that's offensive
like people yeah
So like I don't get why they didn't bother doing it. It's so strange.
No, the actors are fine, but it's the producers that are always so strange. Or like, it's the company.
i ummmm
Okay, I don't like how they basically
i didnt really like that
Because by the time he gets, like, if there's still continue
Yeah, the whole point of the ending of the book is that he goes to college.
he's gonna have like yeah he's buying his own life insurance
hahahah
Have you seen the new, like, what was it, the new Percy Jackson stuff?
show was it a show or was it like?
Huh?
ohhh true ur right
They have two?
Wait, there's no awesome way.
Is this an animated one?like
It's so good!
No, I wasnt the first one
I love Nezha and Liar. You know, like, Green Snake? And, like...
ohhhhh It's so good!
the first one?
Oh yeah, I was like, this is a little strange
How do you feel?(***)
Really?
It's like water and milk.
The style is always strange like every time I watch it
My dad and I watch it all the time and he's like, this style is very geared towards a certain audience.
Didn't you hear the pause? It's kind of boring.
really boring
Have you seen, oh shoot, I don't know what the name of the movie is.
But it's this Chinese animated movie.
Oh, this is like little kid.
And he has like a change into like an animal and he has like an older mentor
And it's really cute.
Huh? Not the monkey king. It's like an actual 2D animated.
It's really cute. It's actually, I watched it and I was like, ooh, this is such a good movie. The animation's so good.
The impact frames are incredible. My seats are wonderful.
If I can find it, I'll show it to you. It's really good.
hm?